website/docs: clarify S3 storage provider configuration (#23429)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/sys-mgmt/ops/storage-s3/wasabi.mdx

---
title: Wasabi
---

> Use Wasabi with authentik through Wasabi's S3-compatible API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Wasabi as an S3 storage backend for authentik by connecting to Wasabi's S3-compatible API.
```

I would change the opening sentences for all the different providers to something similar to this. Rather than "Use <provider> with authentik".

The change doesn't have to match mine, just needs to be a bit clearer.

Reviewer 2: Accepted. Added a chart-context-specific `CHART_CONTEXT_ERROR_RESPONSES` whose 400 description covers all request-shape errors (malformed service date, unknown/empty context, missing patient id) and notes that collection-time open/verify/read failures come back as `status="failed"` in the body rather than a 400. The endpoint now uses it instead of `DATE_ERROR_RESPONSES`. (main.py:1023)
